Hanshan Normal University (HSNU) is a distinguished undergraduate university specializing in teachers＊ education.With a time-honored history, it is located in eastern Guangdong Province 每 Chaozhou每 a city known as the ※Capital of china§ . The University covers a floor area of 976,000 square meters, of which 468,000 square meters is construction area.    

Dating back to 1090 (the Song Dynasty) when Hanshan Academy was established, the University had its present form from the Hui Chao Jia Normal School founded in 1903 (the late Qing Dynasty) and became one of the first schools nationwide and the only one provincial-wide for teachers＊ education. For the next century, it underwent a series of changes in name and nature as shown below:  

Year        

Change in Name/Nature        

1921        

Second Normal School of Guangdong Province        

1935        

Hanshan Normal School of Guangdong Province        

1949        

Hanshan Normal School        

1958        

Upgraded to a junior college for teachers＊ education        

1993        

Upgraded to an undergraduate college for teachers＊ education        

2008        

Awarded ※Excellence§ in undergraduate teaching assessment conducted by the Ministry of Education, China        

During this course, the University has formed the motto of ※Diligent Teaching & Learning to Become Paragons for Others§ and highlighted the feature of ※cultivating high quality teachers for basic educationand applied talents to carry on local cultures and serve its characteristic economic and social development §. In so doing, it has, in succession, provided large numbers of outstanding teachers and talents across Guangdong and its neighboring provinces. Among those prominent alumni are Zou Lu 每 the First President of Sun Yat-sen University, Chen Weishi 每 renowned philosopher, Chen Fuli 每 photographer with international acclaim, Chan Wai Nam 每 Hong Kong entrepreneur with profound patriotism, Lin Jinhua 每 Malaysian entrepreneur, Kraisorn Chansiri 每 Thai entrepreneur, and Chen Qiquan 每 famous calligrapher of Taiwan, etc., all of whom have done great contributions to the local educational undertaking and social-economic developments.    

   

The University has eighteen subordinate schools with fifty-eight undergraduate specialties, covering nine disciplines such as economics, law, education, literature, history, science, engineering, management and arts. It houses four key provincial-level disciplines, three state-level characteristic pilot specialties of comprehensive reform, eighteen provincial-level talent-cultivation demonstrative specialties of comprehensive reform, two specialties with IEET approval, two provincial-level innovative experimental zones for talent cultivation, one provincial-level alignment platform for educating students, and fifteen provincial-level quality resource-sharing courses open to the public. The University recruits students across eleven provinces (autonomous regions), Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, accommodating 17,141 full-time students. Its adult higher education for academic qualifications offers thirty-three specialties for undergraduates and junior college students, with 23,232 students currently pursuing their diplomas/degrees. In recent years, HSNU has set up joint education programs for postgraduates with Yunnan University, Central China Normal University, South China Normal University, Hunan University of Technology, Guangdong Polytechnic Normal University and Guangzhou Sport University, etc..  

Among its 1,273-member faculty, 865 are full-time teachers, of whom 76% hold master or doctoral degrees and 43% have senior professional or technical titles, forming a well-structured teaching team. In the meantime, the University is honored to have a number of outstanding scholars at home and broad as its emeritus professors, visiting professors, adjunct professors and academic leaders, including Yan Jiafu, Wang Zikun (academicians of the Chinese Academy of Sciences) and Prof. Chen Pingyuan. Moreover, to inherit and preserve fine traditional cultures, the University sets up the ※Master＊s Studio§ staffed with inheritors of Chaozhou Intangible Cultural Heritages to improve students＊ ability of practice. The masters come from different fields, including Xie Hua 每 Master of Handmade Red Clay Pot, Wu Chaowei 每 Master of Ceramic Modeling, Fang Shuguang 每 Master of Chaozhou Cuisine, Zhang Xiangming 每 Master of Chaozhou Paper Cutting, and Zhu Shuqin 每 Master of Chaozhou Embroidery.    

   

The University enjoys advantages in governance. It possesses one multi-functional information-based library 每 an area of nearly 30,000 square meters 每 whose collection tops 1.712 million volumes with 1.357 million electronic documents. It also houses thirteen provincial-level research centers of various fields including East Guangdong Environmental Pollution Control and Clean Production Engineering Technology Research Center, East Guangdong Food Processing and Safety Control Engineering Technology Research Center, Institute of Chaozhou Studies, Chaoshan Culture Research Base, and Guangdong Intangible Cultural Heritages Research Base, to name just a few. In addition, the University, together with Chaozhou Municipality, has built three platforms for conducting research, namely Advanced Ceramic Materials Innovation Research Center, ※Internet+§Institute and the Institute of Chaozhou Studies. Apart from that, it also owns twenty-four provincial-level teaching demonstration centers and training bases for students on campus.  

   

HSNU emphasizes the cultivation of students＊ scientific and humanistic quality as well as their abilities of practice, innovation and entrepreneurship. Over the past three years, students have taken part in various state-and-provincial-level competitions 每 ※Challenge Cup§ National Undergraduate Curricular Science and Technology Works, Advertising Art Design Competition for College Students, Mathematical Contest in Modeling, Electronics Design Contest, Robot Contest, Innovation and Entrepreneurship Contest, and Teaching Contest for Teachers College Students 每 and brought home 529 as well as 1,532 awards at national and provincial levels respectively. The University ranked 16th among its counterparts across Guangdong Province in the ※2012-2016 National Regular Institutes of Higher Education Competition Assessment Results (undergraduates)§ released by China Association of Higher Education, indicating the students＊ core competitiveness is on  rising momentum. This year, HSNU realized a high employment rate of 97.48% for its fresh graduates.  

In regards to its global outlook, the University adheres to the path of openness and internationalization. It has, in succession, established close ties with thirty-one institutes of higher education and educational organizations located in twelve countries 每 Kazakhstan, South Korea, Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Australia, America, Germany, Russia and Ukraine 每 as well as Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan Region. Such cooperation not only expands the University＊s operation scope but also enhances its level of internationalization as well as external influences.  

   

Positioning itself as ※a normal, application-oriented and local-based university§ and abiding by the development concept of innovation, alignment, environmental friendliness, openness and sharing, the University spares no efforts to deepen reforms in education and teaching. It has been working hard for the upcoming 2018 Undergraduate Teaching Verification and Evaluation by the Ministry of Education and the application of the rights to confer masters degrees. Taking such opportunities, it follows the principles of concentrated efforts, optimized disciplines and specialties, enhanced connotation and outstanding characteristics, and adopts the strategies of ※Party Building, new normal teaching, new engineering courses development, Chaoshan Culture, as well as ceramics and intangible cultures§, pushing forward its educational undertaking in an innovative and all-round way. The ultimate aim of such efforts is to build the University into a high-level undergraduate university with distinguished teacher training features, strong innovation ability and considerable social influences.